never sure the best deal until you come
to a Star Trek nose oh is it darling
calm I love it when a plan comes
together prick no you're in a safe place
here we can tell each other anything yes
okay so I've gone to a strip and you're
a whore you're a whore Oh brand new
desperate housewives
okay time for another scrub down
watching okay mr. Vega even contain fats
hands being too cold so aged an
incubator pediatrics a woman's bad way
up for it you ready to keep my lunch
warm you smart ass it's like six o'clock
and you're gonna picture her nail
let your chicken now i'm gonna say very
touchable miss don't work you can't
write as you white nice to be my friend
but eventually I'm gonna get you come on
home I get drunk enough I like you my
scope I
I'm a net roasting senior staff it was
never any good but this year it would be
okay people before we begin we need to
accept one simple truth we are funny and
you are not sucks the air doesn't come
easy nice maybe running some oil on